[Doc] Update readme with catalog usage (#16)
streamnative/pulsar-flink: README.md

For possible Pulsar parameters, see
[Pulsar client libraries](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/client-libraries/).

### Use Pulsar Catalog

Flink will always search for tables, views, and UDF’s in the current catalog and database. To use Pulsar catalog and treat topics in Pulsar as tables in Flink, you should use `pulsarcatalog` we have defined in `./conf/sql-client-defaults.yaml`.

```scala
tableEnv.useCatalog("pulsarcatalog")
tableEnv.useDatabase("public/default")
tableEnv.scan("topic0")
```

```SQL
Flink SQL> USE CATALOG pulsarcatalog;
Flink SQL> USE `public/default`;
Flink SQL> select * from topic0;
```

The following configurations are optional in environment file or could be override in a SQL client session using `SET` command.

<table class="table">

<tr><th>Option</th><th>Value</th><th>Default</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr>
  <td>`default-database`</td>
  <td>The default database name.</td>
  <td>public/default</td>

>   <td>A topic in Pulsar is treated as a table in Flink table environment when using Pulsar catalog, therefore, database is the other name for `tenant/namespace`. The database is the basic path for table lookup or creation.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <td>A topic in Pulsar is treated as a table in Flink when using Pulsar catalog, therefore, `database` is another name for `tenant/namespace`. The database is the basic path for table lookup or creation.</td>
```

Is "table environment" redundant?
